I have a son like you.
Besides, you don't deserve to be my son at all
Techen, why are you here?
What about my dad?
I don't need to report me to you where I appear
Mom, Yaoyao misses you so much.
Mom misses Yaoyao too
Have you suffered these days?
You wait.
Mommy will pick you up after a while
Dad was nice to me without suffering
Dad took me to the big house
We had dinner together.
I had a great time with my dad
kid
This is the Tianci Ballroom of Tiangong Hotel
How did you get in?
Nature walked in upright. Impossible
Tiangong Hotel has a very strict review of identity
A worthless trash like you
You can't be here at all
You have to ask me to see
This trash
It must be under the name of Young Master Lin again
To get in
Oops go go go
Xiao Chen
Hurry up and take this little mess away from me
cloudy day
You have no right to be here
If this dinner were not for me
Can't do it at all
I bah
You rubbish
Don't see what you are
If you don't pee, take a photo.
How dare you ridicule nonsense in front of us
Xiao Chen
Today is my engagement party specially prepared for Qingxue
How dare you make trouble here
That is to turn against my neighbor
Believe it or not, I let you eat and walk around